Pixi dependency management (#301)
queens-py/queens: src/queens_interfaces/fourc/README.md

## Material random field interface

> In order to create random material field in combintation with 4C, we require the package [fourcipp](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/fourcipp). Therefore install QUEENS via (in the QUEENS main directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create random material fields in combination with 4C, we require the package [fourcipp](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/fourcipp). Therefore, install the base QUEENS environment as described in the [README.md](../../README.md) and install the additional fourcipp dependency via 
```

```
mamba env update -n queens -f environment.fourc.yml
```

> For this you need a QUEENS environment, for instructions on how to set it up see the [README.md](../README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
